Update explanation of initContainers restart conditions (#42392)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/init-containers.md

If the Pod [restarts](#pod-restart-reasons), or is restarted, all init containers
must execute again.

> Changes to the init container spec are limited to the init container image field (.spec.initContainers.image).

Reviewer: `.spec.initContainers` is a list so `.spec.initContainers.image` is not the correct field path.

```suggestion
Changes to the init container spec are limited to the `image` field. If you try to change
any other field within `.spec.initContainers`, the API server rejects the attempt.
```

Author: Updated the current PR, please take a review.

Reviewer 2: @utkarsh-singh1 I think you still have `.spec.initContainers.image`

Author: Updated above changes, @marquiz

> Changes to the init container spec are limited to the `image` field. If you try to change any other field within `.spec.initContainers.image`, the API server rejects the attempt.

Reviewer 2: nit: could you wrap the line like others

Author: Updated PR with mentioned changes @marquiz

If the Pod [restarts](#pod-restart-reasons), or is restarted, all init containers
must execute again.

> Changes to the init container spec are limited to the `image` field. If you try to change any other field within `.spec.initContainers`, the API server rejects the attempt. Altering an init container image field is equivalent to restarting the Pod.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Changes to the InitContainer spec are limited to the `image` field.
If you try to change any other fields within `.spec.initContainers`,
the API server rejects the attempt. Altering the image field of a InitContainer
will trigger a restart of the Pod.
```

  forcing a restart, and the init container completion record has been lost due
  to {{< glossary_tooltip text="garbage collection" term_id="garbage-collection" >}}.

> The Pod will _not_ be restarted when the init container image (source image at remote repository) is changed, or the

Reviewer 3: The text in the parens are unclear and confusing.

Author: @tengqm, Can you guide what could be changes here should be?

Reviewer 3: Just clarify what do you mean by "source image at remote repository".

Author: Hi @tengqm, Here ```source image at remote repository``` refers to images like redis, nginx etc. on the docker-hub or kubernetes images on the gcr.io.

Reviewer 3: Why you want to highlight those images from the public container image registries?
Is there any difference for private registries?

Author: No, @tengqm I just have suggested these names as examples, images can be from private or public repo's, that's why I suggested `source images` and `remote repo's` as the name, if you suggest other names I will change it.

Reviewer 3: I am afraid there is a misunderstanding here. What the original text meant was that the image changed from 'foo:1.0' to 'bar:1.0', but you are adding an extra, unnecessary parenthesis to make this confusing. If we are adding the texts as suggested by this PR, what we mean then becomes that the containers cannot be aware of image content changes at the registry side, especially when the images are from a remote, public registry.

Reviewer: How about making “image” into a glossary tooltip? Or explaining that actually the thing being changed is the _image name_?

Author: I Have updated the PR, by adding image glossary as.

  forcing a restart, and the init container completion record has been lost due
  to {{< glossary_tooltip text="garbage collection" term_id="garbage-collection" >}}.

> The Pod will not be restarted when the init container image (source image at remote repository) is changed, or the

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
The Pod will _not_ be restarted when the init container image (source image at remote repository) is changed, or the
```
